hello youtube friends this is a
breaking story and are announced
today February 20 , 2013 the
playstation 4 at a new event
York 'invested two hours in showing the
goodness of the new team and made
parade through the stage to numerous
Studies that showed the power
graph of the ps4 with your next
games but strangely sony did not show
the device itself except the win for
I said when will it be available except
a brief for the holidays or what
price will have the new console of the
company is an important change in the
playstation story because he abandons
the use of proprietary components for
use an x86 processor similar to the one
can be found on a pc the ps3 has
a chip designed in conjunction with ibm and
toshiba based on architecture
powerpc and similar to the one in the xbox
360 and the wii
the company reported that it is a
chip manufactured by amg with 8 cores
called hardware runs and
64 bit instructions
the console will include 8 gigabytes of
gddr5 ram memory plus a disk
rigid but did not clarify his ability
you will also have a blu-ray reader
although the focus of buying games
will be in the sony online store
graphic processor built-in
central as is the tendency of
latest processors for pc processes 1.8
teraflops that is billions of
floating point instructions by
second and allows models with 30,000
polygons on screen as it showed
jong game tube source
about twice as much as he could
achieve the ps3 the polygons are used to
generate the 3d models that are seen in
screen
the signature quantic dreams showed in the
presentation human heads high
realism with even more polygons
bad news for users
historical playstation is that by
now the ps3 games will not run on
the ps4 does not have the user in his
home at least since the two
devices have architectures of
different processor if it will be possible
play ps1 ps2 and ps3 titles
stored in the cloud as on live and
how he proposed envy at the beginning of the year
will be via streaming the game is hosted in
an online server the user receives the
video and send the commands and try a
game instantly without need
wait for it to be downloaded
complete if the internet connection is
adequate clear is the ps4 also has
a new controller the dualshock 4 with
a touch pad in the middle and buttons
social networks to share online what the
player is doing with a lot
presence of social networks that of sony and
the traditional the gamepad has its
own speaker and connector for
headphones besides keeping led that
illuminates with the color that
to a character on screen to help
the user to understand which character is
active at what time and also account
with a 3d camera that identifies the
users sitting in front of the screen
both to identify themselves before the team
by face recognition as for
control the game with movements to
kinect style although the company
will keep your inertial controls 9 sony
this head to head in sales with the
xbox 360 with the ps4 hopes to redouble the
bet and stay current in a world
the one of the videojuegos that it has every time
more presence of mobile devices
like smartphones and tablets at the end of the
presentation the surprise they took it
those present the company did not show the
team not even a glimpse nor gave
certain dates about their arrival at
international markets or a price
estimated at the beginning of the year casiraghi
the zombie boss had already clarified that
would let microsoft was the first step
that is, it will announce its console first
but the call to the press
made me assume that they have a
precisions
maybe he is planting flag as he is
we will have to wait to really know
what brings the ps4 good is what has
shown today are and in new york that
I hope they subscribe I say goodbye
goodbye